Bain & Company is a global consultancy that helps the world’s most ambitious change makers define the future. Across 65 
offices in 40 countries, we work alongside our clients as one team with a shared ambition to achieve extraordinary results, 
outperform the competition and redefine industries. Since our founding in 1973, we have measured our success by the success 
of our clients, and we proudly maintain the highest level of client advocacy in the industry.
In 2004, the firm established its presence in the Indian market by opening the Bain Capability Center (BCC) in New Delhi. The 
BCC is now known as BCN (Bain Capability Network) with its nodes across various geographies. BCN is an integral and 
largest unit of (ECD) Expert Client Delivery. ECD plays a critical role as it adds value to Bain's case teams globally by 
supporting them with analytics and research solutioning across all industries, specific domains for corporate cases, client 
development, private equity diligence or Bain intellectual property. The BCN comprises of Consulting Services, Knowledge 
Services and Shared Services.
About us
Bain Capability Network
Associate – AMS CoE
This is an opportunity to be a part of Bain’s AMS CoE, based out of Gurugram office, and specifically support Bain Global 
case teams on live cases, client development and proposal support. AMS CoE consists of 70+ team members, organized into 
~18 teams, working across various sectors such as real estate/construction, heavy machinery, commercial aviation, logistics 
& transport.
You will work on AMS projects and get exposed to various BCN products ranging from go-to-market strategies, industry 
analysis, and competitive benchmarking to excel models, survey analysis, and ad-hoc studies, on live client cases as well as 
for business/client development. 
An Associate works as a team member/contributor on BCN cases, driving the analysis on complex cases with some direction 
from a Project Leader and occasionally leading simple cases independently. In addition, associates help mentor and coach 
analysts providing feedback. The expectation is to eventually provide significant direction and support to resolve complex 
issues and effectively manage client and team meetings. As an Associate, the individual would mostly be working on the 
following AMS sub-sectors real estate/construction, heavy machinery, commercial aviation, logistics & transport.
Who you will work with
About you
/ Work experience range in case highest qualification is undergraduate studies – 2-5 years in consulting/ research/ 
analytics, with hands on experience in AMS sector (Construction, Real Estate, Manufacturing, Airlines, ports, logistics, 
factory set-up etc.). Prior experience/ familiarity with AMS sector is a must.
/ Work experience range in case highest qualification is postgraduate studies – 0-3 years in consulting/ research/ 
analytics, with hands on experience in AMS sector (Construction, Real Estate, Manufacturing, Airlines, ports, logistics, 
factory set-up etc.). Prior experience/ familiarity with AMS sector is a must.
/ Incumbent should be a graduate or post-graduate from top-tier institute or have pursued a commerce/statistical/analytical 
course from a tier 1 university.
What you’ll do 
/ May have first-level team management responsibility, which involves allocating and reviewing work to a small team 
of analysts and conducting performance / feedback discussions
/ Provide content thought leadership & may manage simple cases independently
/ Candidate should be currently working in strategy consulting/research-oriented set-up and possess acumen to 
solve open-ended problems
/ Proficient in research and analysis, as well as able to provide solid business judgment to derive answers in 
situations where data is not easily available or explicitly published
/ Able to interface with primary client contact (Bain case teams from ME offices)
/ May have first-level team management responsibility, which involves allocating and reviewing work to a small team 
of analysts and conducting performance / feedback discussions
/ Provide content thought leadership & may manage simple cases independently
We are proud to be consistently recognized as one of the world's best places to work, a champion of diversity and a 
model of social responsibility. We are currently ranked the #1 consulting firm on Glassdoor’s Best Places to Work list, 
and we have maintained a spot in the top four on Glassdoor's list for the last 12 years. We believe that diversity, 
inclusion and collaboration is key to building extraordinary teams. We hire people with exceptional talents, abilities 
and potential, then create an environment where you can become the best version of yourself and thrive both 
professionally and personally. We are publicly recognized by external parties such as Fortune, Vault, Mogul, Working 
Mother, Glassdoor and the Human Rights Campaign for being a great place to work for diversity and inclusion, 
women, LGBTQ and parents..
What makes us a great place to work
/ Candidate should be currently working in strategy consulting/research-oriented set-up and possess acumen to solve 
open-ended problems
/ Proficient in research and analysis, as well as able to provide solid business judgment to derive answers in situations 
where data is not easily available or explicitly published
/ Able to interface with primary client contact (Bain case teams from global offices)
/ Play a bigger role on long-term AMS  cases typically 3-12 months duration, with frequent interactions with the case 
team (and potentially end clients whenever opportunity persists)
/ Display independent secondary research, analytical, and story lining skills
/ Think out-of-the-box to solve for niche case scenarios, through baselining and benchmarking of global best practices
/ Open to intermittent travel to other Bain offices/client locations on live cases